---
title: 'AveHR February 8th Feature & Security Update'
date: '2024-02-08'
versionNumber: '1.4.0'
description: 'New HR leave control, document requirements, and key bug fixes to enhance security and functionality.'
image:
  src: '../../assets/starlog-placeholder-1.jpg'
  alt: 'AveHR February 8, 2024 release image.'
---

## 🚀AveHR February 8th Feature & Security Update

Hello AveHR users! Our latest update brings significant new features and security fixes. Here's a breakdown of what’s included:

### 🍿 New Features & Enhancements

- **Complete HR Control Over Leave Requests:** HR can now fully manage leave requests, even outside the workflow scope, giving more flexibility in managing leaves.
- **Pagination for Leave Reviews:** We've added pagination when reviewing leaves, making it easier to manage larger lists.
- **Document Requirement for Leave Types:** HR can now require documents over a specific period when creating a leave type.
- **Holiday Export by Year:** You can now export holidays based on the selected year for better planning.
- **Clock-In Module Permissions on Dashboard:** Added the option to assign permissions for the clock-in module directly from the dashboard.

### 🔄 Changes

- **Nationality Field Update:** The "nationality" field is now renamed to "country," and the unused "country" field has been removed.
- **Updated Email Message for Changing Email:** We’ve enhanced the email message format when users change their email addresses.
- **Real-Time Notification Counter:** The notification counter now updates in real-time whenever a leave is modified.

### 🐞 Bug Fixes

- Resolved **security issues** for improved platform safety.
- Fixed a bug related to **editing contract templates**.
- Resolved an error when attempting to read the **property name on null** in `ExportLeaveResource` and `ExportUserResource`.
- Fixed the **server error** when assigning a performance review to an employee.
- Corrected an issue where data was not showing when editing **contract templates**.
- Fixed a display issue where **contract dots** would appear on empty files.

---

Thank you for continuing to support AveHR! We’re committed to delivering a secure and efficient HR platform. Your feedback is invaluable, so keep sharing your thoughts as we work to improve your experience.